# 3D MACHINE AND TOOL LLC
The official website will now be developed using NextJS and TailwindCSS for the best experience.
We will continue to use an ORM to interface with a PostgreSQL database. But, for free with Neon.tech.
Prisma will then be used as the ORM to interface between our app and SaaS solution for database activity.

# DESIGN PROCESS NOTES AND IMPORTANT COMMITS
[main aac4afe] Implemented a Request for Quotation component as RequestForQuote.js or <RequestForQuote/> in the @/components/* folder. This form needs some tweaking and dynamic adjustments for a working, actionable form which customers can fill out. Also, our database will need all of the filenames stored along with the other information and a DigitalOcean space or AWS S3 container should be provisioned to accept the file upload portion of this form for a complete solution. In addition, we need to put a cumulative limit of file uploads set to 1Gb for users. A completion component should be shown after the completion of the form. We will also need to use Zod for input fields to client-side check for issues with harmful or otherwise unneeded and spammy content. We must not allow for the submission of data which will overload us, when an overload of data which is innaccurate is provided, we need to disallow upload of files in excess of 25Mb capped and delete theme automatically if spam is detected. Come up with some guidelines for the data submission portion of the website here.

[main 1eb948a] Additional images and changes to the way that the images appear in the ExperienceAndExpertise.js component. Services page also has changes to the styling with regards to the text color but needs far more styling changes implemented.

[main b11d07e] Updates to the BaseServices.js component. We are getting there, so that we can then move to the optimization process. I must also make decisions for sizing for the mobile, tablet, and desktop+ views according to traditional TailwindCSS media query breakpoints.

[main 75e7ff4] Updates to design and amplify our service displays on the homepage. Added framer-motion to the hover state of the images used. Added in description to the service data model. Have not refactored for mobile view for the following: Navigation, Logo Mark, and Services. I will complete all of the design refactors after the base desktop and tablet view is completed. I want to ensure that I spend enough time on this portion of the website to 'get it right' as it is the first thing our prospective customer will engage with. Need to add more interactivity on the hover state to give our users a clear call to action that engages their desire to learn more. Need to become a bit more post-modern industrial. Background needs either a topographic levels outline like a relief map for something, maybe a machined object in some way OR needs a designers grid area. But both must fade out and be subtle. Having one or the other interact with the mouse on a hover and scroll state would be interesting. I need to talk about and describe the actions desired in more detail as I iterate over this base design.